yesterday was a beautiful afternoon this open the
filmus elegía they must to the lady Carmen sings the tango they are sovereigns
apaza terrific how to set the stage miranda madrid cesc is incredible to be
touching and watching people live the sea to bring us none of this
terrific and hinohara years and it's good
that join us a year not very good with the whole family celebrating it
and first date declared incredible
six dates
well it really affects we have many more things would not be we could
observe more homogeneous
if we take into account the success of lots of places
this podés we cut on February 15
this team we stopped a holiday bonus and it's good we're going to
to ann
with two new toilets this
the first beginning april somoza
to puerto rico boston ma ianni
los angeles and new york
inspire another date in argentina all ortambo let's start with the
new record also the clinic for when in caacupé
no we are not really this one we go often enough to touch
this owl ccoo commune January 2 with a fluency that after when it happened what
from abi
endure a little
but he was always sounding in mexico colombia
later with only the previous record this one begins to add guatemala and
other countries more
and now for ln this one is also programmed peru
this is what we did with chile uruguay and
paraguay with the courtship soccer especially to uruguay and paraguay
this
it and we went to chile chamoso
I'll go back to chile or walk good fire test pretty
fucked not every iguana a maradona
it showed very solid back
this one owns oaci
and good arming around the world the mud to contest said I do not do that says
especially a lot being the flow of things not
if it were for us we have donated everything that happened yesterday each country that carries
a lot of time where yes and this east kiss kiss eastwood
the most extensive tour we did with
they have people in argentina duckling
with continue with symmetry and good of its environment of great beauty
3 neither from that time nor outside the heir to the mentions of espadán and
there
and well nothing will continue there playing live quietly and always
will have music and enjoying the sun if I fall very present but the
fire was emphasized the most recent names it most important species
the Palestinians have launched like cancer but remember that in toro zamora
of miranda will be
always improving within its poll state is improving acting work
piano those things
I will not accept that like when we were going to win
altuna being very serious
he said day of what he has and what happened to me and
idc of we are always accompanying you to be drafted will have five years
before dictating March marks five years this this year was not the best
we live power now that we were three days together this
in the field in ii
and do not give anything more
macabre and
Liceo does this with just doing the psoe by decision a group of so alcover
of the united that for the family
is that every choice is tic les
and being where the triples and there on Monday all
inc nothing seems I do not know how good up the versions that make all the
low
I did all of us have invited choral singing
Petal
it's ideal for us was to win
and it was very fun and
will go said I do not know if consensus is not achieved and in 12
suddenly we had to impose more applaud and it happened to be a thing
nike berroa and clapping laughing at days and the time was
Formosa and good
that if we make this trip strange that outside the law and that is stuck
within what was always toto of the music not and what is due this fact
is inside air sidor what dorado ram conviction fundamentally
It's a place that the first one we have in Durban bombisto with him when
we have and what I want in the year we do not touch that later came out story of
visas
this is for us is
it's a very wealthy place then this one
people will always be present
always present of andalusia nothing of her
linguists very happy I'm very happy because apart
beyond the tradition from monrovia a little bit
he used to play and wake grad
a week ago gustavo olmedo
Eduardo de la Puente worthy or the solar is an illusion and all the people have
all of you are
it's amazing
chema bitter taste we did not start and
and he was always praying
present with us and of terrible Andalusia
and he contributed a lot to the statute.
only those two in a so many people are not won john
husband and a daughter ing